The recent so-called 12-day war refers to a conflict between Israel and Iran that began June 13, 2025.
Longstanding tensions, particularly over Iran's nuclear program and regional influence, had escalated to the point that Israel launched
Operation Rising Lion, a surprise attack targeting Iran's nuclear facilities, ballistic missile infrastructure, and key military and scientific
Scientific personnel.
The operation was framed as a preemptive strike
to prevent Iran from developing nuclear weapons.
Iran responded with missile and drone attacks on Israel.
Marking the start of the 12-day conflict.
The shortness of the war was reminiscent of the Six-Day War of June, nineteen, sixty seven.
when the Jews regained all of Jerusalem.
Long drawn-out conflicts seem to be the norm.
like the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine.
The Crusades lasted nearly 300 years.
In the so-called 100-year war was waged between England and France.
No stranger to this phenomenon, the Arab-Israeli conflict has dragged on for many decades.
However, God has granted Israel these swift victories, the Six-Day War of June 1967,
and now the remarkable 12-day war between Israel and Iran in June 2025.
The war ended soon after America's brave decision to utterly destroy Iran's nuclear program with direct strikes.
By 14 giant bunker busting bombs on three main Iranian facilities.
Neighborhoods will assassinate at all of the Ron's nuclear scientists.
in at least 30 of Iran's top generals.
Israel's success in this war will be studied in more colleges worldwide for decades to come.
According to a report by Pastor David Decker in Jerusalem,
The damage to Israel over these 12 days was severe.
Including 28 dead and over 3,000 hospitalized.
23 seriously wounded.
550 ballistic missiles were aimed at Israel, of which 36 made impact.
all over central and northern Israel.
but especially in the greater Tel Aviv area.
where over a million Israelis barely left their shelters for 12 days and nights.
About 15,000 Israelis were rendered homeless.
Filling Israeli hotels with refugees rather than tourists.
The total damage to the Israeli economy was close to $10 billion.
Israel intercepted over 90% of missiles and knocked all of their thousand drones out of the sky, except for just two.
Christian Zionist Mike Huckabee
the first overtly born-again Christian to serve as America's ambassador to Israel,
had a key role to play in assuring swift victory for Israel.
Outside of Christian media, this story has not been told, according to Pastor Decker.
Huckabee himself is an ordained pastor, Southern Baptist.
who frequently attends an evangelical church in Jerusalem together with his wife Janet.
And a few.
Bodyguards.
Huckabee was led by God to send a special text message to the president.
Just five days into the conflict.
The historic message reads in part:
Mr. President, God spared you in Butler, Pennsylvania to be the most consequential president in a century.
Maybe ever.
The decision on your shoulders I would not want to be made by anyone else.
You have many voices speaking to you, sir, but there is only one voice that matters.
His boys.
No president in my lifetime has been in a position like you.
Nonsense Truman in 1945.
I believe you hear from him.
And that voice is far more important than mine or anyone else's.
Well, it's very interesting that President Trump reposted the entire message.
On social media.
Then, about three days later, President Trump issued the faithful order that started the
Process of eliminating Iran's nuclear program.
Initially cautious
President Trump decided to authorize American participation in the 12-day war.
on June 21 launching
Operation Midnight Hammer.
When B-52 stealth bombers struck Iranian nuclear sites,
Intercessors for Israel were praying day and night.
The president was swayed by the strategic need to curb Iran's nuclear ambitions.
So what's next?
Pastor David in Jerusalem suggested a look for huge positive changes throughout the Middle East as a result of this latest dramatic victory.
During the 12-day war, Israeli jets flew freely over Syria, Saudi Arabia, and Iraq.
Jordan even protected Israel by shooting down some projectiles launched by Iran.
Both Israel's Mossad and America's CIA now have hundreds of operatives working inside of Iran to ensure
Then Iran never gets close again to having a destructive bomb.
After Bibi Netanyahu's third and latest visit to Washington during Trump's new administration,
America and Israel will probably have a coalition of Arab nations.
including Egypt, Saudi Arabia, and the UAE.
to start rebuilding Gaza after Hamas is driven out in the near future.
and all remaining hostages being held in Gaza are brought home.
Twenty are still believed to be alive.
By the end of this year, Saudi Arabia will likely join the Abraham Accords.
Followed later by many other nations.
and start pouring tens of billions of dollars into the Israeli economy.
with great financial benefits resulting from both the Jews and Arabs of Israel.
Israel has become the unrivaled dominant military power in the region.
So expect more Jewish people during this period to start coming home to Zion.
The population influx will create new cities across the negative and the Galilee.
Tourism to Israel will hopefully become a booming business again.
The Peace of Onewald Villages, envisioned by Ezekiel 38,
Well, surely come to pass, it's all the harbinger of the prophesied Ezekiel war in the future.
So, my friends, Jesus will soon return to Jerusalem.
If you enjoy hearing these prophecy updates or hearing from us on social media or through our free Jerusalem Channel mobile app,
and all other videos at our website, experts.tv.
as well as our Jerusalem Channel YouTube platform.
And reminder, sign up for our weekly email alert called exploits.
Based upon Daniel 11:32, declaring the people who know their God will be strong, not weak,
and will accomplish exploits, meaning the works of the Lord in the remaining time before his imminent return.
Keep praying for the peace of Jerusalem, Shalom.
Maranatha
I'm Christine Garrick.